Kill immortals
These three immortals are all the people who founded the sect
Don't take ignorance for innocence
Now any cat or dog dares to open a school?
You let go of the three immortals
This person caused a curse on Kyushu
I still want to break the lifeblood of my continent
Please ask three immortals to decide for me
It's not true.
It was the nine families who destroyed Zhengzhou Jiuding
I just found out that ten days ago, the emperor of Zhou was black and white
Are you immortals black and white?
Boldly dare to insult immortals and white-collar workers
If you are stubborn
That will only allow the world to unify you
Silly wronged
Are we on the wrong side?
It seems that Big Zhou really has the protection of a fairy
We won't be implicated, will we?
Wonderland
Who steals us from whom?
Shangxian, he sucks my vitality
Made me look like this
Please restore my face
Let me do anything
As expected of a monster
How dare you absorb the essence of others
I'm waiting for today to do the right thing for heaven
Do the right thing for heaven
I am Tiandao
You don't need to do these three loose immortals yourself.
Let me meet them.
Three immortals
This girl is no fun
In front of me, it's just a chicken and a dog
Let's see how I take this monster and come
This is the legendary arrow piercing the heart